Pimp the docs linter (and assorted changes) (#2553)
MithrilJS/mithril.js: docs/animation.md

### Technology choices

> Animations are often used to make applications come alive. Nowadays, browsers have good support for CSS animations, and there are [various](https://greensock.com/gsap) [libraries](http://velocityjs.org/) that provide fast JavaScript-based animations. There's also an upcoming [Web API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Animations_API/Using_the_Web_Animations_API) and a [polyfill](https://github.com/web-animations/web-animations-js) if you like living on the bleeding edge.

Reviewer: As much as I dislike this, this is probably the best fix for that until VelocityJS fixes their website to work with HTTPS.

Although now that I take a second look at their project, it might be better to just link to their GH project.

```suggestion
Animations are often used to make applications come alive. Nowadays, browsers have good support for CSS animations, and there are [various](https://greensock.com/gsap) [libraries](https://github.com/julianshapiro/velocity) that provide fast JavaScript-based animations. There's also an upcoming [Web API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Animations_API/Using_the_Web_Animations_API) and a [polyfill](https://github.com/web-animations/web-animations-js) if you like living on the bleeding edge.
```

Avoids the need for the entire hack entirely with dead links and gets rid of most of the fuzziness with it. I still want to keep the workaround, but it avoids the console noise.

Author: Good sugggestion.

It's the first time I play with these new GH controls (commit suggestion/resolve conversation). On mobile, only the latter is available, hence some confusion...
